Add Segment Startup Program Application Deadline (#7347)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/guides/usage-and-billing/startup-program.md

title: Segment Startup Program
---

> Segment offers a **Startup Program** to enable early startups to track data correctly and test the marketing and analytics tools necessary to grow their business. The program is open to any early-stage startup that meets the following eligibility requirements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Segment offers a **Startup Program** to enable early startups to track data and test the marketing and analytics tools necessary to grow their business. The program is open to any early-stage startup that meets the following eligibility requirements:
```

Interested companies can apply on the [Startup Program](http://segment.com/industry/startups){:target="_blank”} site.

> info "Application deadline"

> > Effective January 6, 2025, Segment will no longer accept applications for the Segment Startup Program. Applications submitted before 11:59 PM PT on December 5, 2024 will be reviewed and honored. However, any applications received after this deadline will not be accepted. There will be no exceptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Effective January 6, 2025, Segment will no longer accept applications for the Segment Startup Program. Applications submitted before 11:59 PM PT on December 5, 2024 will be reviewed and honored. Any applications received after this deadline won't be accepted. There will be no exceptions.
```
